Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.	Oscar Wilde
Well done is better than well said.	Benjamin Franklin
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.	Albert Einstein
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.	Confucius
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.	John Lennon
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.	Steve Jobs
Get busy living or get busy dying.	Stephen King
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.	Mae West
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.	Robert Frost
Do one thing every day that scares you.	Eleanor Roosevelt
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.	George Addair
It is never too late to be what you might have been.	George Eliot
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.	Albert Einstein
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.	Robert Frost
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.	Mark Twain
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.	Mark Twain
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.	Benjamin Franklin
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.	Albert Einstein
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The second best time is now.	Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living.	Socrates
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.	Mother Teresa
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.	Franklin D. Roosevelt
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.	Margaret Mead
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.	Ralph Waldo Emerson
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.	Martin Luther King Jr.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.	Robin Williams
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear.	Rosa Parks
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart.	Helen Keller
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.	Aristotle
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.	Winston Churchill
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.	Anne Frank
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.	Dr. Seuss
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.	Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly.	Theodore Roosevelt
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, and those who dare to take that step will discover a world beyond imagination.	Confucius / Aristotle
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal. I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin.	Martin Luther King Jr.
